docs/README.md, before:

# madmimi-api-php Documentation

If you haven't already done so, please read the [main Readme](../README.md) first!

## Core
 - [The Connection Object](connection.md)

## Sending Mail
 - [Transaction Mail Options](mail/transactional.md)
 - [Mailing List Options](mail/mailing-list.md)
 - [Import and Send to Mailing List Options](mail/import-mailing-list.md)
 - [Send to All Options](mail/send-to-all.md)
   
## Statistics / Status
 - [Transaction Mail Status](stats/transactional.md)
 - [Mailing Stats](stats/mailing.md) 
 - [Sent Stats](stats/sent.md) 
 - [Abused Stats](stats/abused.md) 
 - [Bounced Stats](stats/bounced.md) 
 - [Clicked Stats](stats/clicked.md) 
 - [Forwarded Stats](stats/forwarded.md) 
 - [Links Stats](stats/links.md) 
 - [Read Stats](stats/read.md) 
 - [Unsubscribed Stats](stats/unsubscribed.md) 
 - [Transactional Count](stats/transactional-count.md)
 - [Members Created Count](stats/members-created-count.md)
 - [Promotion Attempts](stats/promotion-attempts.md)

## Webforms
 - [List All](webforms/all.md)
 - [Get Single](webforms/single.md)

## Lists
 - [List All](lists/all.md)
 - [Add List](lists/add.md)
 - [Rename List](lists/rename.md)
 - [Delete List](lists/delete.md)
 - [Clear List](lists/clear.md)

## Promotions
 - [List All](promotions/all.md)
 - [Get Single](promotions/single.md)
 - [Search](promotions/search.md)
 - [Save](promotions/save.md)
 - [Delete](promotions/delete.md)
 
## Members
 - [Get Single](members/single.md)
 - [Search](members/search.md)
 - [List All](members/all.md)
 - [Suppressed Since](members/suppressed-since.md)
 - [Suppress](members/all.md)
 - [Is Suppressed](members/is-suppressed.md)
 - [Events Since](members/events-since.md)
 - [Create](members/create.md)
 - [Update Email](members/update-email.md)
 - [Update](members/update.md) 
 - [Get All List Subscriptions](members/lists.md)
 - [Import CSV Members](members/import.md)
 - [Import Status](members/import-status.md)

## Addons
 - [List All](addons/all.md)
 - [List User's](addons/user.md)
 - [Toggle User's](addons/toggle.md)
 - [List All Drip Campaigns](addons/drip.md)

### Google Analytics
 - [List All Domains](addons/ga/all.md)
 - [Add a Domain](addons/ga/add.md)
 - [Delete a Domain](addons/ga/delete.md)

### Social Links
 - [List All](addons/sociallinks/all.md)
 - [List User's](addons/sociallinks/user.md)
 - [Update User's](addons/sociallinks/update.md)

### Child Accounts
 - [List All](addons/childaccounts/all.md)   
 - [Add](addons/childaccounts/add.md)   
 - [Update](addons/childaccounts/update.md)   
 - [Delete](addons/childaccounts/delete.md)   
 - [Update List Permissions](addons/childaccounts/permissions.md)

Commit message:

add and remove from lists

docs/README.md, after:

# madmimi-api-php Documentation

If you haven't already done so, please read the [main Readme](../README.md) first!

## Core
 - [The Connection Object](connection.md)

## Sending Mail
 - [Transaction Mail Options](mail/transactional.md)
 - [Mailing List Options](mail/mailing-list.md)
 - [Import and Send to Mailing List Options](mail/import-mailing-list.md)
 - [Send to All Options](mail/send-to-all.md)
   
## Statistics / Status
 - [Transaction Mail Status](stats/transactional.md)
 - [Mailing Stats](stats/mailing.md) 
 - [Sent Stats](stats/sent.md) 
 - [Abused Stats](stats/abused.md) 
 - [Bounced Stats](stats/bounced.md) 
 - [Clicked Stats](stats/clicked.md) 
 - [Forwarded Stats](stats/forwarded.md) 
 - [Links Stats](stats/links.md) 
 - [Read Stats](stats/read.md) 
 - [Unsubscribed Stats](stats/unsubscribed.md) 
 - [Transactional Count](stats/transactional-count.md)
 - [Members Created Count](stats/members-created-count.md)
 - [Promotion Attempts](stats/promotion-attempts.md)

## Webforms
 - [List All](webforms/all.md)
 - [Get Single](webforms/single.md)

## Lists
 - [List All](lists/all.md)
 - [Add List](lists/add.md)
 - [Rename List](lists/rename.md)
 - [Delete List](lists/delete.md)
 - [Clear List](lists/clear.md)

## Promotions
 - [List All](promotions/all.md)
 - [Get Single](promotions/single.md)
 - [Search](promotions/search.md)
 - [Save](promotions/save.md)
 - [Delete](promotions/delete.md)
 
## Members
 - [Get Single](members/single.md)
 - [Search](members/search.md)
 - [List All](members/all.md)
 - [Suppressed Since](members/suppressed-since.md)
 - [Suppress](members/all.md)
 - [Is Suppressed](members/is-suppressed.md)
 - [Events Since](members/events-since.md)
 - [Create](members/create.md)
 - [Update Email](members/update-email.md)
 - [Update](members/update.md) 
 - [Get All List Subscriptions](members/lists.md)
 - [Import CSV Members](members/import.md)
 - [Import Status](members/import-status.md)
 - [Add Member To List](members/add-to-list.md)
 - [Remove Member From List](members/remove-from-list.md)

## Addons
 - [List All](addons/all.md)
 - [List User's](addons/user.md)
 - [Toggle User's](addons/toggle.md)
 - [List All Drip Campaigns](addons/drip.md)

### Google Analytics
 - [List All Domains](addons/ga/all.md)
 - [Add a Domain](addons/ga/add.md)
 - [Delete a Domain](addons/ga/delete.md)

### Social Links
 - [List All](addons/sociallinks/all.md)
 - [List User's](addons/sociallinks/user.md)
 - [Update User's](addons/sociallinks/update.md)

### Child Accounts
 - [List All](addons/childaccounts/all.md)   
 - [Add](addons/childaccounts/add.md)   
 - [Update](addons/childaccounts/update.md)   
 - [Delete](addons/childaccounts/delete.md)   
 - [Update List Permissions](addons/childaccounts/permissions.md)
